feat: warn users about unknown --except rule (#94)
stjude-rust-labs/sprocket: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> * Unknown `--except` rules will be shown at the top of the list ([#94](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/sprocket/pull/94))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed

* Unknown `--except` rules will now emit a warning instead of being silently ignored ([#94](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/sprocket/pull/94))
```
